docs/contributing.md, before:

## Contributing
------------------
Below is a guideline on how to contribute to the project.
#### Table of Contents:
[Project Layout](#project-layout)

[Naming Conventions](#naming-conventions)

[Pull Requests](#pull-requests)


## Project Layout
-----------------
The project is split into several main subdirectories: [include](#include), [src](#src), [docs](#docs), [testing](#testing), [examples](#examples), and [make.inc-examples](#make.inc-examples).

#### include
`include` contains the header files for the entire project. `include` and `src` should have the same folder structure.
#### src
`src` contains the source files (.cpp and .cu) for the entire library. Everything defined in `include` must be implemented here.
#### docs
The `docs` folder contains these contributing guidelines and is the destination for doxygen output. Assuming doxygen is properly installed, running `make docs` (or `doxygen doxygen.config`) in the project root directory will build the docs into the `docs` folder.
#### testing
`testing` contains ~unit-test-ish type tests. They are intended to ensure that the library is installed and running correctly. If `sh run_tests.sh` does not succeed, then something went wrong with the installation.
#### examples
The examples are meant to be more like tutorial examples than the testing files. These contain more practical use cases for the library functionality.
#### make.inc-examples
Contains template make.inc files that can be used in the build and installation phase.

## Naming Conventions
---------------------
There are several different naming conventions used throughout the project. 

### File Naming
First and foremost, device and host distinction. Code that is device kernels only should be in their own source files. These source files should be named `*_device.cu`. Device files should only kernels and host functions to call these kernels.

Host code files do not require a special ending and should be in `*.cpp` files. 

Any internal utility functions should be in the `magmadnn::internal` namespace and should reside in files with a name such as `*_internal*.*`. For instance, a file that contains tensor addition utilities might be called `tensor_add_internal.cpp`. If that same utility contained device code, then it could be `tensor_add_internal_device.cu`. 

If a file contains a class, then the filename should be the same as the classname. For example, the class `foo` should reside in files `foo.h` and `foo.cpp`.

### Operations
Operations must be defined in `include/compute` and implemented in `src/compute`. Each operation should reside in its own folder. The operation class and filenames should be postfixed by `Op` (i.e. `matmulop.cpp`). All operations should lie in the `magmadnn::op` namespace. For more information on creating operations [see here](https://github.com/Dando18/magmadnn/blob/master/include/compute/README.md).

## Pull Requests
----------------

Commit message:

added info about scripts folder

docs/contributing.md, after:

## Contributing
------------------
Below is a guideline on how to contribute to the project.
#### Table of Contents:
[Project Layout](#project-layout)

[Naming Conventions](#naming-conventions)

[Pull Requests](#pull-requests)


## Project Layout
-----------------
The project is split into several main subdirectories: [include](#include), [src](#src), [docs](#docs), [scripts](#scripts), [testing](#testing), [examples](#examples), and [make.inc-examples](#make.inc-examples).

#### include
`include` contains the header files for the entire project. `include` and `src` should have the same folder structure.
#### src
`src` contains the source files (.cpp and .cu) for the entire library. Everything defined in `include` must be implemented here.
#### docs
The `docs` folder contains these contributing guidelines and is the destination for doxygen output. Assuming doxygen is properly installed, running `make docs` (or `doxygen doxygen.config`) in the project root directory will build the docs into the `docs` folder.
#### scripts
The scripts directory contains several tools to assist in the development of MagmaDNN. More information is located in [scripts/README.md](/scripts/README.md).
#### testing
`testing` contains ~unit-test-ish type tests. They are intended to ensure that the library is installed and running correctly. If `sh run_tests.sh` does not succeed, then something went wrong with the installation.
#### examples
The examples are meant to be more like tutorial examples than the testing files. These contain more practical use cases for the library functionality.
#### make.inc-examples
Contains template make.inc files that can be used in the build and installation phase.

## Naming Conventions
---------------------
There are several different naming conventions used throughout the project. 

### File Naming
First and foremost, device and host distinction. Code that is device kernels only should be in their own source files. These source files should be named `*_device.cu`. Device files should only kernels and host functions to call these kernels.

Host code files do not require a special ending and should be in `*.cpp` files. 

Any internal utility functions should be in the `magmadnn::internal` namespace and should reside in files with a name such as `*_internal*.*`. For instance, a file that contains tensor addition utilities might be called `tensor_add_internal.cpp`. If that same utility contained device code, then it could be `tensor_add_internal_device.cu`. 

If a file contains a class, then the filename should be the same as the classname. For example, the class `foo` should reside in files `foo.h` and `foo.cpp`.

### Operations
Operations must be defined in `include/compute` and implemented in `src/compute`. Each operation should reside in its own folder. The operation class and filenames should be postfixed by `Op` (i.e. `matmulop.cpp`). All operations should lie in the `magmadnn::op` namespace. For more information on creating operations [see here](https://github.com/Dando18/magmadnn/blob/master/include/compute/README.md).

## Pull Requests
----------------
